# Encryption-Program

  How it works is the program contains a dictionary. The program then genereates a random prime number. This prime number is used to mark where the new dictionary starts and the left over of the dictionary is added to the end of the new dictionary. This creates a reordering of the dictionary. The reason why a rpime number is used is because it forces a change on the new dictionary. Then a second new dictionary is created using a new prime number to create a reordering of the first new dictionary. This process occurs four times and the four prime numbers are used to then recreate the dictionaries for decryption. These dictionaries are stored in classes with pointers to the next char in the class and the previous char as well as an itneger value for the index of the character. 
  
  Once a string is entered by a user it is then passed character by character through the encryption algorithim. The encryption algorithim first compares the char to the orginal dictionary where it gets the index value of that character. The index value of the character is then used to find the character at that index value of the next dictionary. Then index value is used to find the char in each rotor and the index value is increased for the first rotor by one. Once the first rotor has gone through its intire dictionary length the count resets and the count for rotor  two is icreased by one and this occurs the same way for all four rotors. This proccess is reversed for decryption.
